README.rst, before:

==================
python-netdiscover
==================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/python-netdiscover.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-netdiscover

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/python-netdiscover.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-netdiscover

The  python-netdiscover is a simple wrapper for the `netdiscover reconnaissance tool <https://sourceforge.net/projects/netdiscover/>`_.

This library offers a simple way to create scans from a python script and analyse the results.


* Documentation: https://python-netdiscover.readthedocs.io
* GitHub: https://github.com/MrSuicideParrot/python-netdiscover
* PyPI: https://pypi.org/project/python-netdiscover/

Installation
============
From the shell, uncompress python-netdiscover.tar.gz and then run make :

.. code-block:: bash

    $ tar xvzf python-netdiscover.tar.gz
    $ cd python-netdiscover
    $ python setup.py install

or using Pip

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install python-netdiscover


Usage
=====
From python/ipython:
--------------------

.. code-block:: python

    >>> from netdiscover import *
    >>> disc = Discover()
    >>> disc.scan(ip_range="192.168.1.0/24")
    [{'mac': b'73:8b:10:0e:bd:23', 'ip': b'192.168.1.1'}, {'mac': b'f4:3c:4a:73:47:07', 'ip': b'192.168.1.2'}]


Notes
=====
This tool needs to be run as root. It is necessary to be presented on the system the *netdiscover* tool. The library will look for the *netdiscovery* binary in the following paths:

*  netdiscover
* /usr/bin/netdiscover
* /usr/sbin/netdiscover
* /usr/local/bin/netdiscover
* /sw/bin/netdiscover
* /opt/local/bin/netdiscover

If *netdiscovery* is not present in any of the paths above, you can specifie path with the argument *netdiscover_path* on Discover class.

.. code-block:: python

    disc = Discover(netdiscover_path="path_of_netdiscover")

Commit message:

Netdiscover stated  as a requirement
resolve #1

README.rst, after:

==================
python-netdiscover
==================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/python-netdiscover.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-netdiscover

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/python-netdiscover.svg
        :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-netdiscover

The  python-netdiscover is a simple wrapper for the `netdiscover reconnaissance tool <https://sourceforge.net/projects/netdiscover/>`_.

This library offers a simple way to create scans from a python script and analyse the results.


* Documentation: https://python-netdiscover.readthedocs.io
* GitHub: https://github.com/MrSuicideParrot/python-netdiscover
* PyPI: https://pypi.org/project/python-netdiscover/

Installation
============
First, you will need to install the `netdiscover binary <https://sourceforge.net/projects/netdiscover/>`_ on your system, this may depend on your operating system. Many distributions have this tool available in `their main repository <https://pkgs.org/download/netdiscover>`_. 

From the shell, uncompress python-netdiscover.tar.gz and then run make :

.. code-block:: bash

    $ tar xvzf python-netdiscover.tar.gz
    $ cd python-netdiscover
    $ python setup.py install

or using Pip

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install python-netdiscover


Usage
=====
From python/ipython:
--------------------

.. code-block:: python

    >>> from netdiscover import *
    >>> disc = Discover()
    >>> disc.scan(ip_range="192.168.1.0/24")
    [{'mac': b'73:8b:10:0e:bd:23', 'ip': b'192.168.1.1'}, {'mac': b'f4:3c:4a:73:47:07', 'ip': b'192.168.1.2'}]


Notes
=====
This tool needs to be run as root. It is necessary to be presented on the system the *netdiscover* tool. The library will look for the *netdiscovery* binary in the following paths:

*  netdiscover
* /usr/bin/netdiscover
* /usr/sbin/netdiscover
* /usr/local/bin/netdiscover
* /sw/bin/netdiscover
* /opt/local/bin/netdiscover

If *netdiscovery* is not present in any of the paths above, you can specifie path with the argument *netdiscover_path* on Discover class.

.. code-block:: python

    disc = Discover(netdiscover_path="path_of_netdiscover")
